[CUBRIDMAN-30] manual for CBRD-23682 (#264)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/sql/tuning.rst

    
        Hash List scan only works for predicates having a equal operation and does NOT work for predicates having OID type.

*   **NO_LOGGING**: This is a hint not to include the redo in the log generated when inserting, updating, or deleting records to a table.

    .. note::

>         Currently, The NO_LOGGING hint only affects the log created from the heap file when inserting, updating, or deleting records to a table. Therefore, there may be a problem that the data of the table and the index are inconsistent after recovery and the problem that the committed record is not recovered, etc. You should use it carefully.

Reviewer: the part  ' and the problem that the committed record is not recovered...' might be vague, so I suggest changing the sentence to the following: 

```suggestion
        Currently, The NO_LOGGING hint only affects the log created from the heap file when inserting, updating, or deleting records to a table. Therefore, problems such as the inconsistency between the data of the table and the date of the index might occur after recovery; and the situation of committed record cannot be recovered might also occur, etc. You should use it carefully.
```

Author: @charischau I've already committed your proposal, but I'll have to change it to 'data of the index' instead of 'date of the index'.

Reviewer: okay, 'date of the index' was a typo, I apologise.

>         Currently, The NO_LOGGING hint only affects the log created from the heap file when inserting, updating, or deleting records to a table. Therefore, problems such as the inconsistency between the data of the table and the date of the index might occur after recovery; and the situation of committed record cannot be recovered might also occur, etc. You should use it carefully.

Author: ```suggestion
        Currently, The NO_LOGGING hint only affects the log created from the heap file when inserting, updating, or deleting records to a table. Therefore, problems such as the inconsistency between the data of the table and the data of the index might occur after recovery; and the situation of committed record cannot be recovered might also occur, etc. You should use it carefully.
```
